Update guidelines about code reviews (#87)
cabotage/cabotage-app: CONTRIBUTING.md

As soon as possible, usually within a few weeks, a team member will review your pull request and provide comments.

> When addressing our requested changes in the pull request, please push your changes into separate commits instead of overwriting history with rebasing and force-pushing. We use "squash and merge", so the entire changeset of the pull request will be merged into main as a single commit. Force pushing complicates the review process by making changes difficult to track, leaving comments made during the review inscrutable. Thank you for your cooperation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When addressing our requested changes in the pull request, please push your changes into separate commits instead of overwriting history with rebasing and force-pushing. We use the "squash and merge" merge strategy, so the entire changeset of the pull request will be merged into `main` as a single commit. Force pushing complicates the review process by making changes difficult to track, leaving reviews made during the review harder to understand.
```
